---
weight: 100
walk: 0:00
cold_water_exposure:
  type: shower
  length: 0:00
fasting: 17:49
zip: 78247
weather:
  hi: 12
  lo: 4
  rise: 8:13
  set: 16:47
  humidity: 0.91
---
## Better to be around sick people
Random daily learning

An immune system that is frequently engaged in fighting sickness is generally stronger than one that doesn't have to fight with viruses. This has been the largest contributing factor to the increase in sickness this year as we met a perfect storm of isolating everyone's immune system, then throwing them back into an open pot of sickness with zero phase-in.

I hold that masking up was wrong for the majority along with social distancing, but to have the one without a phased in "return to normal" was probably more of a double foot-gun than we ever intended.


## Dream jobs
Random daily writing

The first day back in the office. I had a dream on this vacation that I had changed jobs. Special digital projects for Adobe. Quite frankly, a very cool sounding job - perhaps my subconscious is wired for HR. 

Throughout the dream phase, I was legitimately sad. I was full of regret for leaving the company I am at, and when I woke up, I was relieved to know that was a dream.

I've had the good fortune of:  
a. Working for companies I can be proud of.
b. Having had the intuition to know when it was time to move on, and, I hope, did so while maintaining good relationships with the previous company.

I'm closing two years at Hasura this coming week, and while that puts me in a longer tenure by startup terms, this company has been an amazing place to work both for the personal learning and the people I've had the benefit of working with. They all challenge me to be better.

Work for companies where dreams of working a "dream job" actually cause regret and not relief. If it's the other way around, it's probably time to move on.