---
weight: 98.2
walk: 1:00
cold_water_exposure:
  type: shower
  length: 0:00
fasting: 17:49
zip: 78247
weather:
  hi: 6
  lo: 2
  rise: 8:11
  set: 16:53
  humidity: 0.91
---

## A token need for fellowship
Random daily writing

Today I heard that, for the firs time, [marijuana use surpassed cigarette smoking ](https://www.npr.org/2022/08/30/1120024399/marijuana-cigarette-use-gallup-poll). Which, on face value, feels a bit like jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire. On the whole, marijuana being the more natural product and not laced with (as many) chemicals, it's probably less damaging on the internal organs, though excessive use has been linked to mental disease.

Die because you can't breath or die because you can't think, or take both if you will.

Note, I'm actually FOR the careful research and usage of all plants, believing each have their purpose, even tobacco. Keep your synthetics in the clinics, though. 

What I think is more telling is that America is still searching for a second space and reason to simply socialize. Whatever the reason may be. If we can't socially catch a smoke outside the break room, we'll move on to whatever happens to be the acceptable past time at hand. Marijuana being the new thing while enjoying it's apparently new found legal street cred.

Also note, the number of accidental marijuana edible consumptions in under age children grew 1200% percent over the last two years. Percentages are tricky, though, aren't they? Particularly if you're on the wrong side of your high.

I don't really have much of a point to this writing, other to say I don't think America is particularly swapping one vice for another as much as it is looking for another reason to sit back, hang out, and not feel weird about it.

As one observer once noted; if you ask to men to meet up and talk about their feelings, they'll scream and run the other direction. If you ask them to sit back-to-back in a tiny boat for 8 hours and call it fishing, you can't stop them.

