---
weight: 100
walk: 0:32
cold_water_exposure:
  type: shower
  length: 0:3
fasting: 0
zip: 78247
weather:
  hi: 13
  lo: 6
  rise: 8:13
  set: 16:42
  humidity: 0.82
---

## Not your crazy uncle's mushrooms
Random daily learning

A young couple here in Germany is harvesting 150kg of fresh mushrooms every week from 100m2 "fields" in a basement. This is the sole and sufficient income for the two of them. Mushrooms have an average harvest lifecycle of four weeks, and as a fungus, do not require sunlight.

Interestingly, the shells of soy beans are considered the premium substrate for mushroom growers and for reasons outside the scope of this post, I have access to a LOT of soy.

In response, my farming brother-in-law and I each ordered a few test bags of mushrooms to grow at home to explore the market. Whether this is a good idea or  a bad one, time will tell.


## Cargo shorts and pendulums
Random daily writing

Pendulums swing, stock-prices bounce, cargo-shorts are in and out of style and back in again. My opinion of "January first resolutions" also vacillates, but being in the land of "pro" this year has lead me to a few overall goals that mostly align along professional and personal boundaries.

**Personally**, I want to get healthy again. It's interesting that my weight is hitting an even 100kg on January first and corresponds to the worst shape I've been in for the last ten years. My knees are broken with the prospect of an eventual surgery, my back (currently not hurting) needs substantial strengthening, and my hand is taking the moment's rest to air out the four fresh stitches between forefinger and thumb – at least that has a relatively fixed recovery period defined.

Pro tip for the kids, avoid overshooting the bowl when carving wooden spoons with a metal gouge. The backstop is softer than you think.

> You rarely start at zero.

The positive I have in my health tool bag is that I won't be starting from zero. I have the knowledge of things that work for my body and things that don't. I even have access to equipment and space that's relatively resilient to temperamental government health guides.

My foundational components will be **18 hour fasts**, **proper hydration**, **cold exposure**, **daily walking**, and a **return to heavy weights**.

Supplemental activities that are less resilient to variables will be HIIT workouts, which I've over-done in the past pushing me uncomfortably close to adrenal failure, weekend kickboxing and BJJ training sessions with a family member who has the time for the proper courses, and my beloved kettlebells for overall functional fitness.

Time restricted eating, walking, and drinking water seem to be pretty solid baselines that I can manage everywhere from Berlin to Bangalore.

Also trying to avoid white rice. Not just white rice, but a handful of foods I've noticed my body type has extreme glycogenic responses to. The first step is to know thyself, and, well, as I said, you rarely start at zero.

For all other intents and purposes, the health category is feeling pretty zero-based at the moment.

**Professionally** I will be starting to blog technical content on my own domain (this one), and building some more independent educational content. I've been fortunate enough to work for amazing companies, but the majority of the discoverability of my work lives and dies at the discretion of the brands I work for, and for the purpose of building some more professional resilience, I will be building out my own brand some more.

Speaking of working for amazing companies, at the time of writing I'm still employed by Hasura, and if they've taught me nothing else it has been a true eye-opening experience about all that Postgres can do. While I'm contractually bound to state that Hasura supports more than just Postgres, as the open source "elephant in the room", I want to make this be the year of learning Postgres deeply. If any of my interviews with customers and industry experts over the years have taught me anything, it's that Postgres is the one to bet on for the most outsized portability. So this will be the year of learning Postgres, deeply.

Other professional goals are likely to have fixed time-windows not really aligned to a year, but will be documented elsewhere.

The last remaining goal is to have some form of side-hustle up and running by end-of-year for passive income. There are a few ideas floating around and in various stages of "done" – time will tell who the winners are.

## Looking back
While I may have unsure opinions on the value of new-year's resolutions, the habit of looking back is of extreme value to me, and where I base my new-year's plans. 

This was a "baby year" with our fourth and possibly last joining the family. We are extremely grateful for the health and addition to the family. That being said, "new baby years" are extremely taxing on all fronts and we are looking forward to migrating out of infant phase into baby phase. The united front in parenting my wife and I have strived for with the first three have reaped amazing ROI during this phase and we continue to be blessed by our little family.

I don't feel compelled to write much more as to what our previous year was like, but we saw fears and  joys across the spectrum and were grateful to see God's hand provide for us.

With that, this little impulse has carried on far enough and we'll leave it at that. Happy new year, everyone.